>> Kyle Simpson: Okay,
what if our object has a sub object in it?
Like if I have an a1, and then I have b,
includes my c and d properties.
>> Kyle Simpson: Well,
what is B gonna point at here?
It's gonna point at the whole object.
If I wanted C to point at C,
then I would end up saying temp.
I would end up saying b.c.
And d = b.d.
So if I had that same
kind of object structure
being returned into my destructuring
pattern,
>> Kyle Simpson: I'm
going to say the source, the property
we're getting it from is called b.
And what is my target,
it is another destructuring pattern.
And what is in that destructuring pattern?
It is that I want C to point at C,
which in this case,
I can just list shorthand,
and D to point at D,
which in this case can
just be the shorthand.
And what happens if B doesn't exist?
I have to make that default
to an empty object, and
the same is true over here
in my destructuring pattern.
I need a default for this position,
and that default is the empty object.
>> Kyle Simpson: It is extremely
easy to forget those defaults,
especially on your nested patterns.
And you'll get type errors blowing
you up when you forget them,
and it is not gonna get
any easier to remember it,
at least in my experience,
I still forget them.
So I'm gonna strongly recommend you use
a lenting role to remind you to put
those defaults in, and
ES lent has a lenting role that reminds
you need defaults on your nested patterns.